Well, I awarded you the order for many reasons, but a big one is your ability to navigate around an Angular site without any help :slightly_smiling_face:. I am attaching a zip of our "Client" folder that has our entire Angular application inside of it. You should be able to run npm install on this and install angular/cli version 1.0.0 and I know that a lot of people use "ng serve" to fire up the site on localhost:4200, but trust me on this... use "npm start" instead. I have no idea why, but we have bugs in our app if you use "ng serve", so I just run an "npm install" at the root of the "Client" directory (the zipped directory attached)" and then "npm start".

I am also attaching the final version of the design (skin) that you'll be applying. We change the "Script Notes" section from a Purple color to a Brown color (my designer forgot to update the button, so that button's still purple", but there isn't a button in that section anyway). You'll find that even though this mockup design has colored buttons for every section, the real site doesn't have that many buttons, and where we do have them, they are sometimes located in a different place.

You can certainly work off of this Client.zip Angular app... however, it would help us more, and would be more interactive for us, as you progress.... if you would be willing to connect to our GIT repo, clone the repo, and create a branch for your work and do all of your work in that branch. If you'd rather not - no problem. I just thought I'd throw that out there. That way, we could merge master into your branch periodically just to ensure that there are no conflicts. If you want to go that route, I would just need a Microsoft e-mail address from you (outlook, hotmail, live, etc.). Because the repo is hosted in Visual Team Services and in order for you to authenticate to the repo, you'd have to be invited in, and I can only send out invites to Microsoft accounts. But if you want to do that, I'd be extremely grateful. 

Please let me know if you have any questions at all.

Thanks!